[docs] Add reference to and isolated env install configuration (#4904)
deckhouse/deckhouse: docs/documentation/pages/DECKHOUSE-FAQ.md

   > Note! Please, refer to the documentation of your registry to properly specify the `--path` value. For example, for `Harbor` it can be `harbor.registry.com/deckhouse/deckhouse`, but not `harbor.registry.com/deckhouse`.

> 1. After pushing images to an isolated private registry, use [instruction](deckhouse-faq.html#how-to-bootstrap-a-cluster-and-run-deckhouse-without-the-usage-of-release-channels) for proper configure installer and resource `InitConfiguration`.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. After pushing images to an isolated private registry, use the [instruction](deckhouse-faq.html#how-to-bootstrap-a-cluster-and-run-deckhouse-without-the-usage-of-release-channels) to properly configure the installer and the `InitConfiguration` resource.

```
